#LyX 1.6.5 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Light Game
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Zack Bush - Alex Wardi - Joseph Wright
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Light Game will be a basic first person puzzle game.
 The player will try to find cubes in the level and place them into the
 goals.
 The player will depend on lighting to navigate the level.
 Being away from light will make it harder for the player to see and make
 them more susceptible to the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

monster
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 which can kill the player, restarting the level.
 Levels will have walls as obstacles.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A level may include multiple lights.
 A light may be able to be moved by a player or may be stationary.
 Sets of lights may be toggled by switches by some unknown logic function.
 Game props may be color coded and light switches may alter the color compositio
n of lights confusing the player.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The player will be able to pick up cubes and lights and carry them
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Only one thing at a time may be held.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 wherever he goes.
 The player will be able to toggle light switches.
 Movable lights will be on a post.
 Picking objects up or putting objects down will be achieved by standing
 in front of the target object and pressing 
\noun on
spacebar
\noun default
.
 Switch toggling will be done the same way.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal of the game will be to place the colored cube into the matching
 bin.
 When all cubes are in their correct bin the level is solved.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since levels are 2 dimensional maps of walls and starting positions of objects
 they can be represented in text files and levels can be loaded from them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Order
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Order of importance of features:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
3D world with walls controlled with a first person view
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Picking up cubes and placing them in bins
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Light switches
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Movable lights
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Loadable levels from text files
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Monster that seeks you out when your in darkness
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
